So you've done a bit of work already inside the shell, inside of a shell script, and directly on the
command line, so it's kind of helpful to think about shell scripts as a place to compile a bunch of
commands that you already know.
At the end of this section, you're going to read a simple shell script that will emulate part of a file
exploring app such as the Finder here.
So there's all sorts of commands that can come preinstalled and are available to you already.
And you can also add some more by installing some other third party software, third party commands.
But basically you're just going to be exploring the command line and doing some experimentation directly
on the command line so you can convert that into a shell script to save yourself some time, which is
also a common motivation for writing shell scripts.
So if you figure out how to do something on the command line, you can basically copy and paste those
commands right into your shell script and in its simplest state, that works.
So there's going to be times that you'll need to learn extra things like if statements or loops or conditional
checks, but you'll be learning about those in the later lesson.
And then the commands you're about to learn are often the first thing many Linux 101 courses
will teach you.
But since you're learning shell scripting and Linux, there's a specific reason I left these out of
the curriculum until now, which you'll see.
And as you're progressing through the section and learning new commands, try to think about how they
could be used inside of a shell script that would act as a file browser.